Add TF Serving tuto (#70)
huggingface/blog: tf-serving.md

---
title: Faster TensorFlow models in Hugging Face Transformers
thumbnail: https://huggingface.co/blog/assets/09_tf-serving/tf-serving_thumbnail.png
---

<h1 class="no-top-margin">Faster TensorFlow models in Hugging Face Transformers</h1>

<div class="blog-metadata">
    <small>Published X Y, 2021.</small>
    <a target="_blank" class="btn-readme" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/master/tf-serving.md">
        <img src="/front/assets/icon-github.svg">
        Update on GitHub
    </a>
</div>

<a target="_blank" href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/blog/blob/master/notebooks/09_tf_serving.ipynb">
    <img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab">
</a>

> For a few months the Hugging Face team has been working hard on improving transformer’s TensorFlow models to make them more robust and faster. The recent improvements are mainly focused on two aspects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last few months, the Hugging Face team has been working hard on improving transformer’s TensorFlow models to make them more robust and faster. The recent improvements are mainly focused on two aspects:
```

1. Computational performance: Bert, Roberta, Electra and MPNet have been improved in order to have a much faster computation time. This gain of computational performance is noticeable for all the computational aspects: graph/eager mode, TF Serving and for CPU/GPU/TPU devices.

> 2. TensorFlow Serving: each of these TensorFlow model can be deployed wit TensorFlow Serving to benefit of this gain of computational performance for inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. TensorFlow Serving: each of these TensorFlow model can be deployed with TensorFlow Serving to benefit of this gain of computational performance for inference.
```

## Computational Performance

> To demonstrate the better computational performance we have done a thorough benchmark where we compare the Bert’s performance with TensorFlow Serving of master to the official implementation from [Google](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/official/nlp/bert). The benchmark has been run on a GPU V100 using a sequence length of 128:

Reviewer: Now that it has been released, maybe we can say `v4.2.0` instead of `master`? (applies to the rest of the blog as well)

```suggestion
To demonstrate the computational performance improvements, we have done a thorough benchmark where we compare BERT's performance with TensorFlow Serving of v4.2.0 to the official implementation from [Google](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/official/nlp/bert). The benchmark has been run on a GPU V100 using a sequence length of 128:
```

|     64     |         171.5         |              156                |                   9.47%                  |
|     128    |         338.5         |              309                |                   9.11%                  |

The current implementation of Bert in master is faster than the Google implementation by up to ~10%. Apart from that it is also twice faster than the 4.1.1 release.

## TensorFlow Serving

The previous section demonstrates that the brand new Bert model got a dramatic increase of computational performance in the last version of Transformers. Now, this section focuses on a walkthrough step-by-step explanation of how to deploy this improved Bert model with TensorFlow Serving and to benefit from this computational performance in a production environment.

### What is TensorFlow Serving?

TensorFlow Serving belongs to the set of tools provided by [TensorFlow Extended (TFX)](https://www.tensorflow.org/tfx/guide/serving) that makes the task of deploying a model to a server easier than ever. TensorFlow Serving provides two APIs, one that can be called upon using HTTP requests and another one using gRPC to run inference on the server.

> ### What is a SavedModel?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is a SavedModel?

```

A SavedModel contains a standalone TensorFlow model, including its weights and its architecture. It does not require the original source of the model to be run, which makes it useful for sharing or deploying with any backend that supports reading a SavedModel such as Java, Go, C++ or JavaScript among others.

### How to install TensorFlow Serving?

There are three ways to install and use TensorFlow Serving, one is through a Docker container, another one through an apt package and a last one with pip. To make things easier and compliant with all the existing OS, we will use Docker in this tutorial.

### How to create a saved model?

> Saved model is the format expected by TensorFlow serving. From the new release of Transformers, creating a saved model brings these three main features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saved model is the format expected by TensorFlow serving. Since Transformers` v4.2.0, creating a saved model has three additional features:
```

> 1. The sequence length is not fixed to a specific length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The sequence length can be modified freely between runs.
```

> 2. Any expected input by the model can be used to run an inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. All model inputs are now available for inference.
```

> 3. When `output_attentions` or `output_hidden_states` is set to True, the attentions or the hidden states are grouped into a single output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If retrieving the Transformer hidden states or attention values using the `output_attentions` and `output_hidden_states` flags, these values are now grouped into a single output.
```

> Here a better idea of how looks like the inputs/outputs of a saved model for `TFBertForSequenceClassification`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, you can find the inputs and outputs representations of a `TFBertForSequenceClassification` saved as a TensorFlow saved model:
```

> <img src="/blog/assets/09_tf_serving/new_saved_model_attns.svg" alt="New saved model with attentions" style="margin: auto; display: block; width: 260px;">

Reviewer: I would replace this by code

> The following snippet of code shows how to use `inputs_embeds` instead of `input_ids` as input:

Reviewer: What are `inputs_embeds`?

```python
from transformers import TFBertForSequenceClassification
import tensorflow as tf

# Creation of a subclass in order to define a new serving signature
class MyOwnModel(TFBertForSequenceClassification):
    # Decorate the serving method with the new input_signature
    # an input_signature represents the name, the data type and the shape of an expected input
    @tf.function(input_signature=[{
        "inputs_embeds": tf.TensorSpec((None, None, 768), tf.float32, name="inputs_embeds"),
        "attention_mask": tf.TensorSpec((None, None), tf.int32, name="attention_mask"),
        "token_type_ids": tf.TensorSpec((None, None), tf.int32, name="token_type_ids"),
    }])
    def serving(self, inputs):
        # call the model to process the inputs
        output = self.call(inputs)

        # return the formated output
        return self.serving_output(output)

> # Instanciate the model with the new serving method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Instantiate the model with the new serving method
```

model = MyOwnModel.from_pretrained("bert-base-cased")
# save it with saved_model=True in order to have a saved model version along with the h5 weights.
model.save_pretrained("my_model", saved_model=True)
```

> Basically, in this example the new model directly expects the embeddings of the tokens instead of the token ids as input. The serving method has to be overridden by the new `input_signature`. See the [official documentation](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/function#args_1) to know more about the `input_signature` argument. The `serving` method is used to define how will behave a saved model when deployed with TensorFlow Serving. Now the saved model looks like as expected, see the new `inputs_embeds` input:

Reviewer: I would explain what are `inputs_embeds` before the code example

> <img src="/blog/assets/09_tf_serving/embeds_saved_model.svg" alt="Saved model with inputs embeds" style="margin: auto; display: block; width: 260px;">

Reviewer: Same here, I would put that in code

Step 2: create a Docker container containing the saved model and run it:

```
# pull the TensorFlow serving Docker image for CPU
# for GPU replace serving by serving:latest-gpu
docker pull tensorflow/serving

# run a serving image as a daemon named serving_base
docker run -d --name serving_base tensorflow/serving

# copy the newly created saved model into the serving_base container's models folder
docker cp my_model/saved_model serving_base:/models/bert

# commit the container that serves the model by changing MODEL_NAME to match the model's name (here bert)
# the name (bert) corresponds to the name we want to give to our saved model
docker commit --change "ENV MODEL_NAME bert" serving_base my_bert_model

# kill the serving_base image ran as a daemon because we don't need it anymore
docker kill serving_base

# Run the image to serve our saved model as a daemon and we map the ports 8501 (REST API)
# and 8500 (gRPC API) in the container to the host and we name the the container "bert".
docker run -d -p 8501:8501 -p 8500:8500 --name bert my_bert_model
```

Step 3: Query the model through the REST API:

```python
from transformers import BertTokenizerFast, BertConfig
import requests

> import json

Reviewer: The examples below are really cool! As a nitpick I would vertically space it more by adding line returns, but it looks good as it is.

Author: I will add more space!

# Create a gRPC request made for prediction
request = predict_pb2.PredictRequest()
# Set the name of the model, for this use case it is bert
request.model_spec.name = "bert"
# Set which signature is used to format the gRPC query, here the default one
request.model_spec.signature_name = "serving_default"
# Set the input_ids input from the input_ids given by the tokenizer
# tf.make_tensor_proto turns a TensorFlow tensor into a Protobuf tensor
request.inputs["input_ids"].CopyFrom(tf.make_tensor_proto(batch["input_ids"]))
# Same with attention mask
request.inputs["attention_mask"].CopyFrom(tf.make_tensor_proto(batch["attention_mask"]))
# Same with token type ids
request.inputs["token_type_ids"].CopyFrom(tf.make_tensor_proto(batch["token_type_ids"]))
# Send the gRPC request to the TF Server
result = stub.Predict(request)

# The output is a protobuf where the only one output is a list of probabilities
# assigned to the key logits. As the probabilities as in float, the list is
# converted into a numpy array of floats with .float_val
output = result.outputs["logits"].float_val
# Print the proper LABEL with its index
print(config.id2label[np.argmax(np.abs(output))])
```

## Conclusion

> Thanks to the last updates applied on the TensorFlow models in transformers, one can now easily deploy its models in production in an efficient way. One of the next steps we are thinking about is to directly integrate the preprocessing part inside the saved model to make things even easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to the last updates applied on the TensorFlow models in transformers, one can now easily deploy its models in production using TensorFlow serving. One of the next steps we are thinking about is to directly integrate the preprocessing part inside the saved model to make things even easier.
```

Reviewer: Are you sure you want to mention the pre-processing part? Putting the tokenizer inside the saved model sounds like a lot of work.

Author: This is the next direction where I would like to go, and I think it is informative to be mentioned, in order to make the users know that we keep improving this part.

I can't tell if this is a lot of work or not because I don't know. The TF team did this in the `tf.text` package and it doesn't looks that difficult, but I'm just guessing here.

Reviewer 2: @jplu adding the tokenizer into the model would be very useful for a usecase that we are working on in my company. Any progress on that?

---
title: Faster TensorFlow models in Hugging Face Transformers
thumbnail: https://huggingface.co/blog/assets/09_tf-serving/tf-serving_thumbnail.png
---

<h1 class="no-top-margin">Faster TensorFlow models in Hugging Face Transformers</h1>

<div class="blog-metadata">
    <small>Published X Y, 2021.</small>
    <a target="_blank" class="btn-readme" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/master/tf-serving.md">
        <img src="/front/assets/icon-github.svg">
        Update on GitHub
    </a>
</div>

<a target="_blank" href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/blog/blob/master/notebooks/09_tf_serving.ipynb">
    <img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab">
</a>

> The last few months, the Hugging Face team has been working hard on improving transformer’s TensorFlow models to make them more robust and faster. The recent improvements are mainly focused on two aspects:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the last few months, the Hugging Face team has been working hard on improving transformer’s TensorFlow models to make them more robust and faster. The recent improvements are mainly focused on two aspects:
```

> 1. Computational performance: Bert, Roberta, Electra and MPNet have been improved in order to have a much faster computation time. This gain of computational performance is noticeable for all the computational aspects: graph/eager mode, TF Serving and for CPU/GPU/TPU devices.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Computational performance: BERT, RoBERTa, ELECTRA and MPNet have been improved in order to have a much faster computation time. This gain of computational performance is noticeable for all the computational aspects: graph/eager mode, TF Serving and for CPU/GPU/TPU devices.
```

Reviewer 3: Bert -> BERT everywhere in the doc.

| Batch size | Google implementation | v4.2.0 implementation | Relative difference Google/v4.2.0 implem |
|:----------:|:---------------------:|:---------------------:|:----------------------------------------:|
|      1     |          6.7          |         6.26          |                   6.79%                  |
|      2     |          9.4          |         8.68          |                   7.96%                  |
|      4     |         14.4          |         13.1          |                   9.45%                  |
|      8     |           24          |         21.5          |                  10.99%                  |
|     16     |         46.6          |         42.3          |                   9.67%                  |
|     32     |         83.9          |         80.4          |                   4.26%                  |
|     64     |        171.5          |          156          |                   9.47%                  |
|    128     |        338.5          |          309          |                   9.11%                  |

> The current implementation of Bert in v4.2.0 is faster than the Google implementation by up to ~10%. Apart from that it is also twice faster than the 4.1.1 release.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The current implementation of Bert in v4.2.0 is faster than the Google implementation by up to ~10%. Apart from that it is also twice as fast as the implementations in the 4.1.1 release.
```

## TensorFlow Serving

The previous section demonstrates that the brand new Bert model got a dramatic increase of computational performance in the last version of Transformers. Now, this section focuses on a walkthrough step-by-step explanation of how to deploy this improved Bert model with TensorFlow Serving and to benefit from this computational performance in a production environment.

### What is TensorFlow Serving?

TensorFlow Serving belongs to the set of tools provided by [TensorFlow Extended (TFX)](https://www.tensorflow.org/tfx/guide/serving) that makes the task of deploying a model to a server easier than ever. TensorFlow Serving provides two APIs, one that can be called upon using HTTP requests and another one using gRPC to run inference on the server.

> ### What is a SavedModel?

Reviewer 3: This should be introduced before, preferably in the introduction after `TensorFlow Serving`.

Author: I would prefer to keep all the explanation about TF Serving into its dedicated section, the introduction is just here to announce the structure of the tutorial

A SavedModel contains a standalone TensorFlow model, including its weights and its architecture. It does not require the original source of the model to be run, which makes it useful for sharing or deploying with any backend that supports reading a SavedModel such as Java, Go, C++ or JavaScript among others.

### How to install TensorFlow Serving?

There are three ways to install and use TensorFlow Serving, one is through a Docker container, another one through an apt package and a last one with pip. To make things easier and compliant with all the existing OS, we will use Docker in this tutorial.

### How to create a saved model?

> Saved model is the format expected by TensorFlow serving. Since Transformers` v4.2.0, creating a saved model has three additional features:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Saved model is the format expected by TensorFlow serving. Since Transformers v4.2.0, creating a saved model has three additional features:
```

2. All model inputs are now available for inference.
3. If retrieving the Transformer hidden states or attention values using the `output_attentions` and `output_hidden_states` flags, these values are now grouped into a single output.

Below, you can find the inputs and outputs representations of a `TFBertForSequenceClassification` saved as a TensorFlow saved model:

```
The given SavedModel SignatureDef contains the following input(s):
  inputs['attention_mask'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_attention_mask:0
  inputs['input_ids'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_input_ids:0
  inputs['token_type_ids'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_token_type_ids:0
The given SavedModel SignatureDef contains the following output(s):
  outputs['attentions'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (12, -1, 12, -1, -1)
      name: StatefulPartitionedCall:0
  outputs['logits'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (-1, 2)
      name: StatefulPartitionedCall:1
Method name is: tensorflow/serving/predict
```

> The following snippet of code shows how to use `inputs_embeds` instead of `input_ids` as input. The `inputs_embeds` argument represents the embeddings of the tokens, which means that now the model waits the embeddings of the tokens instead of their id.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use `inputs_embeds` (the embeddings of the tokens) instead of `input_ids` (the IDs of the tokens) as inputs, we need to subclass the model to have a new serving signature. The following snippet of code shows how to do this:
```

```
The given SavedModel SignatureDef contains the following input(s):
  inputs['attention_mask'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_attention_mask:0
  inputs['inputs_embeds'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (-1, -1, 768)
      name: serving_default_inputs_embeds:0
  inputs['token_type_ids'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_token_type_ids:0
The given SavedModel SignatureDef contains the following output(s):
  outputs['attentions'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (12, -1, 12, -1, -1)
      name: StatefulPartitionedCall:0
  outputs['logits'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (-1, 2)
      name: StatefulPartitionedCall:1
Method name is: tensorflow/serving/predict
```

## How to deploy and use a saved model?

Let’s see step by step how to deploy and use a sentiment classification Bert model.

Step 1: create a saved model. To create a saved model we load a PyTorch model called `nateraw/bert-base-uncased-imdb`

> trained on the IMBD dataset:

Reviewer 3: I'd add a mention that the Transformers library is awesome and lets you load a PyTorch model in a TensorFlow class and does all the weight conversion for you. :-)

model.save_pretrained("my_model", saved_model=True)
```

Step 2: create a Docker container containing the saved model and run it:

```
# pull the TensorFlow serving Docker image for CPU
# for GPU replace serving by serving:latest-gpu
docker pull tensorflow/serving

# run a serving image as a daemon named serving_base
docker run -d --name serving_base tensorflow/serving

# copy the newly created saved model into the serving_base container's models folder
docker cp my_model/saved_model serving_base:/models/bert

# commit the container that serves the model by changing MODEL_NAME to match the model's name (here bert)
# the name (bert) corresponds to the name we want to give to our saved model
docker commit --change "ENV MODEL_NAME bert" serving_base my_bert_model

# kill the serving_base image ran as a daemon because we don't need it anymore
docker kill serving_base

# Run the image to serve our saved model as a daemon and we map the ports 8501 (REST API)
# and 8500 (gRPC API) in the container to the host and we name the the container "bert".
docker run -d -p 8501:8501 -p 8500:8500 --name bert my_bert_model

> ```

Reviewer 3: I'm not fan of the format long code cell with comments. I would reorganize this in small code blocks with the comments switched to prose in between. It's much more readable like this.

Author: Humm, personally I'm not fan of the tiny proses between code cells 😄

Author: I have done the split.

# Load the model config of our saved model
config = BertConfig.from_pretrained("nateraw/bert-base-uncased-imdb")

# Tokenize the sentence
batch = tokenizer(sentence)

# Convert the batch into a proper dict
batch = dict(batch)

# Put the example into a list of size 1, that corresponds to the batch size
batch = [batch]

# The REST API needs a JSON that contains the key instances to declare the examples to process
input_data = {"instances": batch}

# Query the REST API, the path corresponds to http://host:port/model_version/models_root_folder/model_name:method
r = requests.post("http://localhost:8501/v1/models/bert:predict", data=json.dumps(input_data))

# Parse the JSON result. The results are contained in a list with a root key called "predictions"
# and as there is only one example, takes the first element of the list
result = json.loads(r.text)["predictions"][0]

# The returned results are probabilities, that can be positive or negative hence we take their absolute value
abs_scores = np.abs(result)

# Take the argmax that correspond to the index of the max probability.
label_id = np.argmax(abs_scores)

# Print the proper LABEL with its index
print(config.id2label[label_id])

> ```

Reviewer 3: Same comment for this block.

Author: While for the previous one it might make sense, for this one and the one below, if we split it we cannot anymore just copy paste the whole block. I find this a bit annoying.

Reviewer 4: I agree with @sgugger here - I think for tutorials, it is much more appealing to have every little step to be explained at the cost of not being able to copy-paste the whole block. Copy-pasting a whole block of code, is not something I would want to do when **learning** something, but rather when I need a quick fix a la StackOverflow. 

On the other hand, I understand your argument as well and I think it has to do a lot with personal preferences as well

# Create a gRPC request made for prediction
request = predict_pb2.PredictRequest()

# Set the name of the model, for this use case it is bert
request.model_spec.name = "bert"

# Set which signature is used to format the gRPC query, here the default one
request.model_spec.signature_name = "serving_default"

# Set the input_ids input from the input_ids given by the tokenizer
# tf.make_tensor_proto turns a TensorFlow tensor into a Protobuf tensor
request.inputs["input_ids"].CopyFrom(tf.make_tensor_proto(batch["input_ids"]))

# Same with attention mask
request.inputs["attention_mask"].CopyFrom(tf.make_tensor_proto(batch["attention_mask"]))

# Same with token type ids
request.inputs["token_type_ids"].CopyFrom(tf.make_tensor_proto(batch["token_type_ids"]))

# Send the gRPC request to the TF Server
result = stub.Predict(request)

# The output is a protobuf where the only one output is a list of probabilities
# assigned to the key logits. As the probabilities as in float, the list is
# converted into a numpy array of floats with .float_val
output = result.outputs["logits"].float_val

# Print the proper LABEL with its index
print(config.id2label[np.argmax(np.abs(output))])

> ```

Reviewer 3: Same comment for this block.

---
title: Faster TensorFlow models in Hugging Face Transformers
thumbnail: https://huggingface.co/blog/assets/09_tf-serving/tf-serving_thumbnail.png
---

<h1 class="no-top-margin">Faster TensorFlow models in Hugging Face Transformers</h1>

<div class="blog-metadata">
    <small>Published X Y, 2021.</small>
    <a target="_blank" class="btn-readme" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/master/tf-serving.md">
        <img src="/front/assets/icon-github.svg">
        Update on GitHub
    </a>
</div>

<a target="_blank" href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/blog/blob/master/notebooks/09_tf_serving.ipynb">
    <img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab">
</a>

> In the last few months, the Hugging Face team has been working hard on improving transformer’s TensorFlow models to make them more robust and faster. The recent improvements are mainly focused on two aspects:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In the last few months, the Hugging Face team has been working hard on improving Transformer’s TensorFlow models to make them more robust and faster. The recent improvements are mainly focused on two aspects:
```

> 1. Computational performance: BERT, RoBERTa, ELECTRA and MPNet have been improved in order to have a much faster computation time. This gain of computational performance is noticeable for all the computational aspects: graph/eager mode, TF Serving and for CPU/GPU/TPU devices.

Reviewer 4: Do we also have stats about the improvement for CPU/GPU?

Author: No, I haven't done the benchmark for that part.

Reviewer 4: Are we sure that performance is improved on "simple" CPU/GPU/TPU? I think it's totally fine to leave it out here and to just concentrate on TF Serving -> that's already a great notebook on its own. Simple GPU could follow later in a second notebook :-)

Author: Defintitely, it is something that can be done afterwards 👍

2. TensorFlow Serving: each of these TensorFlow model can be deployed with TensorFlow Serving to benefit of this gain of computational performance for inference.

## Computational Performance

To demonstrate the computational performance improvements, we have done a thorough benchmark where we compare BERT's performance with TensorFlow Serving of v4.2.0 to the official implementation from [Google](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/official/nlp/bert). The benchmark has been run on a GPU V100 using a sequence length of 128:

> | Batch size | Google implementation | v4.2.0 implementation | Relative difference Google/v4.2.0 implem |

Reviewer 4: Could we run this benchmark in a notebook?

Author: Not possible.

|:----------:|:---------------------:|:---------------------:|:----------------------------------------:|
|      1     |          6.7          |         6.26          |                   6.79%                  |
|      2     |          9.4          |         8.68          |                   7.96%                  |
|      4     |         14.4          |         13.1          |                   9.45%                  |
|      8     |           24          |         21.5          |                  10.99%                  |
|     16     |         46.6          |         42.3          |                   9.67%                  |
|     32     |         83.9          |         80.4          |                   4.26%                  |
|     64     |        171.5          |          156          |                   9.47%                  |
|    128     |        338.5          |          309          |                   9.11%                  |

The current implementation of Bert in v4.2.0 is faster than the Google implementation by up to ~10%. Apart from that it is also twice as fast as the implementations in the 4.1.1 release.

## TensorFlow Serving

> The previous section demonstrates that the brand new Bert model got a dramatic increase of computational performance in the last version of Transformers. Now, this section focuses on a walkthrough step-by-step explanation of how to deploy this improved Bert model with TensorFlow Serving and to benefit from this computational performance in a production environment.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The previous section demonstrates that the brand new Bert model got a dramatic increase in computational performance in the last version of Transformers. In this section, we will show you step-by-step how to deploy a Bert model with TensorFlow Serving to benefit from the increase in computational performance in a production environment.
```

### What is TensorFlow Serving?

TensorFlow Serving belongs to the set of tools provided by [TensorFlow Extended (TFX)](https://www.tensorflow.org/tfx/guide/serving) that makes the task of deploying a model to a server easier than ever. TensorFlow Serving provides two APIs, one that can be called upon using HTTP requests and another one using gRPC to run inference on the server.

### What is a SavedModel?

> A SavedModel contains a standalone TensorFlow model, including its weights and its architecture. It does not require the original source of the model to be run, which makes it useful for sharing or deploying with any backend that supports reading a SavedModel such as Java, Go, C++ or JavaScript among others.

Reviewer 4: Hmm, I would have liked one more sentence here stating what exactly a `SavedModel` is -> is it a serialization format of a TensorFlow model?

Author: It is not a format or a single file, it is a combination of multiple pieces in a defined folders structure. Weights (as a checkpoint) + graph representation (as a protobuf definition) + assets if needed (a  vocab file, images, dataset, etc..) . That's why I said it is a standalone model, because absolutely everything that can define a model or used by a model will be inside this folder structure. The structure is defined as such:
```
savedmodel
    /assets
        -> here the needed assets
    /variables
        -> here the checkpoints that contains the weights
   saved_model.pb -> protobuf file
```

### How to install TensorFlow Serving?

> There are three ways to install and use TensorFlow Serving, one is through a Docker container, another one through an apt package and a last one with pip. To make things easier and compliant with all the existing OS, we will use Docker in this tutorial.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
There are three ways to install and use TensorFlow Serving:
- through a Docker container, 
- through an apt package,
- or using [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/). 

To make things easier and compliant with all the existing OS, we will use Docker in this tutorial.
```

### How to create a saved model?

> Saved model is the format expected by TensorFlow serving. Since Transformers v4.2.0, creating a saved model has three additional features:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
SavedModel is the format expected by TensorFlow serving. Since Transformers v4.2.0, creating a saved model has three additional features:
```

I think it's important to have a single clear name of `SavedModel` kinda like a definition

> Saved model is the format expected by TensorFlow serving. Since Transformers v4.2.0, creating a saved model has three additional features:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Saved model is the format expected by TensorFlow Serving. Since Transformers v4.2.0, creating a saved model has three additional features:
```

for consistency

1. The sequence length can be modified freely between runs.

> 2. All model inputs are now available for inference.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. All model inputs are available for inference.
```

> 3. If retrieving the Transformer hidden states or attention values using the `output_attentions` and `output_hidden_states` flags, these values are now grouped into a single output.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. `hidden states` or `attention` are now grouped into a single output when returning them with `output_hidden_states=True` or `output_attentions=True`.
```

Below, you can find the inputs and outputs representations of a `TFBertForSequenceClassification` saved as a TensorFlow saved model:

```
The given SavedModel SignatureDef contains the following input(s):
  inputs['attention_mask'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_attention_mask:0
  inputs['input_ids'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_input_ids:0
  inputs['token_type_ids'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_token_type_ids:0
The given SavedModel SignatureDef contains the following output(s):
  outputs['attentions'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (12, -1, 12, -1, -1)
      name: StatefulPartitionedCall:0
  outputs['logits'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (-1, 2)
      name: StatefulPartitionedCall:1
Method name is: tensorflow/serving/predict
```

> To use `inputs_embeds` (the embeddings of the tokens) instead of `input_ids` (the IDs of the tokens) as inputs, we need to subclass the model to have a new serving signature. The following snippet of code shows how to do this:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To use `inputs_embeds` (the token embeddings) instead of `input_ids` (the IDs of the tokens) as inputs, we need to subclass the model to have a new serving signature. The following snippet of code shows how to do this:
```

```python
from transformers import TFBertForSequenceClassification
import tensorflow as tf

# Creation of a subclass in order to define a new serving signature
class MyOwnModel(TFBertForSequenceClassification):
    # Decorate the serving method with the new input_signature
    # an input_signature represents the name, the data type and the shape of an expected input
    @tf.function(input_signature=[{
        "inputs_embeds": tf.TensorSpec((None, None, 768), tf.float32, name="inputs_embeds"),
        "attention_mask": tf.TensorSpec((None, None), tf.int32, name="attention_mask"),
        "token_type_ids": tf.TensorSpec((None, None), tf.int32, name="token_type_ids"),
    }])
    def serving(self, inputs):
        # call the model to process the inputs
        output = self.call(inputs)

        # return the formated output
        return self.serving_output(output)

# Instantiate the model with the new serving method
model = MyOwnModel.from_pretrained("bert-base-cased")
# save it with saved_model=True in order to have a saved model version along with the h5 weights.
model.save_pretrained("my_model", saved_model=True)
```

> The serving method has to be overridden by the new `input_signature`. See the [official documentation](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/function#args_1) to know more about the `input_signature` argument. The `serving` method is used to define how will behave a saved model when deployed with TensorFlow Serving. Now the saved model looks like as expected, see the new `inputs_embeds` input:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The serving method has to be overridden by the new `input_signature` function. See the [official documentation](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/function#args_1) to know more about the `input_signature` argument. The `serving` method is used to define how will behave a saved model when deployed with TensorFlow Serving. Now the saved model looks like as expected, see the new `inputs_embeds` input:
```

or decorator (not sure)

Author: `input_signature` is an argument, not a function. I will update this.

```
The given SavedModel SignatureDef contains the following input(s):
  inputs['attention_mask'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_attention_mask:0
  inputs['inputs_embeds'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (-1, -1, 768)
      name: serving_default_inputs_embeds:0
  inputs['token_type_ids'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_INT32
      shape: (-1, -1)
      name: serving_default_token_type_ids:0
The given SavedModel SignatureDef contains the following output(s):
  outputs['attentions'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (12, -1, 12, -1, -1)
      name: StatefulPartitionedCall:0
  outputs['logits'] tensor_info:
      dtype: DT_FLOAT
      shape: (-1, 2)
      name: StatefulPartitionedCall:1
Method name is: tensorflow/serving/predict
```

## How to deploy and use a saved model?

> Let’s see step by step how to deploy and use a sentiment classification BERT model.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Let’s see step by step how to deploy and use a BERT model for sentiment classification.
```

### Step 1

> Create a saved model. To create a saved model, the Transformers library is so awesome to let you load a PyTorch model called `nateraw/bert-base-uncased-imdb` trained on the IMBD dataset and convert it to a TensorFlow Keras model for you:

Reviewer 4: Again, I think it makes sense to have a single common term for `saved model`

> Create a saved model. To create a saved model, the Transformers library is so awesome to let you load a PyTorch model called `nateraw/bert-base-uncased-imdb` trained on the IMBD dataset and convert it to a TensorFlow Keras model for you:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Create a saved model. To create a saved model, the Transformers library is lets you load a PyTorch model called `nateraw/bert-base-uncased-imdb` trained on the IMBD dataset and convert it to a TensorFlow Keras model for you:
```

```python
from transformers import TFBertForSequenceClassification

model = TFBertForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained("nateraw/bert-base-uncased-imdb", from_pt=True)
# the saved_model parameter is a flag to create a saved model version of the model in same time than the h5 weights
model.save_pretrained("my_model", saved_model=True)
```

### Step 2

> Create a Docker container containing the saved model and run it. First, pull the TensorFlow serving Docker image for CPU (for GPU replace serving by serving:latest-gpu):

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Create a Docker container with the saved model and run it. First, pull the TensorFlow serving Docker image for CPU (for GPU replace serving by serving:latest-gpu):
```

``` 
docker pull tensorflow/serving
```

Next, run a serving image as a daemon named serving_base:
```
docker run -d --name serving_base tensorflow/serving
```

> Next, copy the newly created saved model into the serving_base container's models folder:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
, copy the newly created saved model into the serving_base container's models folder:
```

```
docker cp my_model/saved_model serving_base:/models/bert
```

> Next, commit the container that serves the model by changing MODEL_NAME to match the model's name (here `bert`), the name (`bert`) corresponds to the name we want to give to our saved model:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
and commit the container that serves the model by changing MODEL_NAME to match the model's name (here `bert`), the name (`bert`) corresponds to the name we want to give to our saved model:
```

```
docker commit --change "ENV MODEL_NAME bert" serving_base my_bert_model
```

> Next, kill the serving_base image ran as a daemon because we don't need it anymore:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
and kill the serving_base image ran as a daemon because we don't need it anymore:
```
